---
title: Real-Time Data
description: Bring the latest information into your conversations
navTruncate: false
resources:
  videos:
    - "FFDSy3TX3YI"
  blogs:
    - title: "Setup your own safe search engine using SearXNG"
      description: "Keep RTD and searches extra private by integrating Msty with your own instance of SearXNG."
      image: "https://msty.ai/blog/searxng/searxng.png"
      url: "https://msty.ai/blog/setup-searxng-search"
---

Enable real-time data integration to instantly enhance your conversations with current information, weather updates, sports scores, news headlines, and more.

Real-Time Data can be collected a few different ways. You can use Msty Sidecar or a third-party service such as Jina or SearXNG.

## How to enable Real-Time Data

Click the globe icon inside the chat input box to enable the Real-Time Data feature. When this feature is enabled, Msty retrieves information from the internet and provides it to the model for enhanced context in your conversations.

::alert{type="info" icon="tabler:info-circle"}
Note that some models are better than others with looking for real-time data, including for the current date. You may need to set the date range to specify a date or be explicit in the prompt to include the exact date you are interested in.
::

## Real-Time Data Options

Right-click on the globe icon to configure advanced options, including which method to use for real-time data.

### Sidecar

To use [Sidecar](/getting-started/sidecar), you need to have the Sidecar app installed and running.

Sidecar provides the follow advanced options:

::steps

- **Search Provider** can be configured to use Google or Brave search engines
- **Custom Search Query** allows you to modify the search query to improve the quality of results
- **Limit by Domain** restricts your search to a specific domain (e.g., nasa.gov)
- **Extra Operators** allows you to add special search operators, such as `site:` or `intitle:`
- **Search Date Range** allows you to limit the search results to a specific time frame

::

### Jina

You can setup a [Jina](https://jina.ai/) account and grab an API key. Enter the API key in the **Use Jina** tab in Msty Studio.

### SearXNG

[SearXNG](https://docs.searxng.org/) is a free internet metasearch engine which aggregates results from various search engines without tracking users. You can use your SearXNG instance to search the web for real-time data.

In Msty Studio, enter your instances endpoint on the **Use SearXNG** tab. For example, `https://searxng.example.com/`.

For additional guidance on setting up SearXNG, check out our Youtube video on [How to Set Up SearXNG](https://youtu.be/FFDSy3TX3YI).

#### Allowing insecure content

Studio uses a JSON API so you will typically need to ensure your instance is being served over HTTPS.

However, some browsers have settings to allow for 'insecure' content served over http for a website. Such as Brave via `brave://settings/content/insecureContent?search=additional+content` > allow Msty Studio to load insecure content.

::Resources
