---
title: Settings
description: Connect remotely to Msty Studio Desktop
navTruncate: false
resources:
  videos:
  blogs:
---

The Settings section is where you can configure various aspects of Msty Studio to tailor the experience to your needs.

## General

### Appearance

You can customize the appearance of Msty Studio by modifying the following settings:
* Color preference - Light, Dark, or System Default
* [Mode](/features/modes)
* Font Size
* Font Style
* Code Theme - for code returned by models
* Rendering Modules - enable/disable the following:
    * Markdown - formats markdown content
    * Mermaid Diagrams
    * Math LaTeX
    * GitHub Flavored Markdown
    * Code Highlights
    * Collapsing Tags
    * Enable Links - links returned by models are disabled by default; to make them clickable, enable this setting
* Right-To-Left (RTL) Support - for languages that require right-to-left text direction

### Application Info
* App Version - displays your installed version. You can select the overflow menu to check and install updates as well as enable/disable automatic updates
* App Settings - reset to default
* Data Paths - provides location of app data and app logs
* Help and Discussions - links to these docs and [Discord](https://msty.ai/discord)
* Disable Web Security - enable if your are experiencing CORS related issues; only recommended for specific use cases and you'll need to restart Msty Studio


## Local AI Service
Contains information about the local AI service if you have this installed. 

* Models Path - file path to where models are stored
* Service Health - displays current status with options to stop, start, and restart
* Service Endpoint - endpoint if you'd like to connect other applications to the local AI service
* Service Version - displays current version with options to check for updates, remove service, or [install from archive](/getting-started/onboarding#install-local-ai-from-archive-file)
* Manage Local AI Models - links to Model Hub > Local AI Models
* Service Configurations
    * Configure port number
    * Maximum Parallel Chats
    * Maximum Loaded Models
    * Enable Network Access - allow other devices on local network to connect
    * Allow Access from Msty Studio Web - enable to allow Msty Studio Web to connect and use local AI services
    * Allowed Network Origins - manage permitted external origins
    * Capture Service Logs - enable local AI services logging
    * Advanced Configurations - set local environment variables; in JSON format
* Model Configurations
    * Model Keep-Alive Timeout
    * Advanced Configurations - enter valid JSON to pass additional parameters to models during chat sessions



## MLX Service

MLX is availble for Apple Silicon devices only. 

* Model Path - file path to where models are stored
* Service Health - displays current status with options to stop, start, and restart
* Service Endpoint - endpoint if you'd like to connect other applications to the local AI service
* Service Version - displays current version with options to check for updates and remove service
* Manage MLX AI Models - links to Model Hub > MLX AI Models
* Service Configurations
    * Enable Network Access - allow other devices on local network to connect
    * Capture Service Logs - enable local AI services logging


## Remote Service

See [Remote Connections](/features/remote-connections) for more information.

## Data
See [Data Backups and Restoration](/features/data-backups) and [Data Migration](/getting-started/quick-start#data-migration-for-msty-app-users) for more information.

## Keyboard Shortcuts
See [Keyboard Shortcuts](/features/keyboard-shortcuts) for more information.

## Log Viewer (Desktop Only)
You can view application logs to help troubleshoot issues. You can filter by log level, search for specific terms, and copy log entries.

You can even enable live logging to see log entries in real-time as they occur.

## Notifications
The Notifications section is an additional way to view alerts to help with troubleshooting issues. This section lists key app events, typically related to errors toasts you may have seen. 

## License and Access
Enter your License to unlock advanced features. 
