---
title: Manage Users
description: Invite and manage users
navTruncate: false
resources:
  videos:
  blogs:
---


## User Roles

There are three users roles in Msty Studio: 

1. **Owner**: there is only one owner per enterprise account at this time. Owners have full access to Msty Studio, including account info and billing.
2. **Admin**: admins have access to all features in Msty Studio, including user and team management. Admins do not have access to account info and billing.
3. **User**: users have access to the features of Msty Studio that are assigned to the team they belong to as determined by an admin.

::alert{type="info" icon="tabler:info-circle"}
User access control is largely determined by teams they are assigned to. See the teams section for more details. 
::

## Invite Users

Owners and Admins can invite users to Msty Studio. Invited users will receive and email with a sing-use link to sign into Msty Studio. 

Users can access Msty Studio Desktop and/or Msty Studio Web according to the team entitlements they are assigned to.

Once a user first signs in, they will then appear as an **Active** user on the users list. 

## Manage Users

Select the ellipsis on right side of a user to see available options. 

- **Promote to Admin**: promote a user to an admin role
- **Demote to User**: demote an admin to a user role (only available for owners)
- **Suspend User**: suspend a user, preventing them from signing in
- **Unsuspend User**: unsuspend a user, allowing them to sign in again
- **Manage Teams**: assign or remove a user from teams
- **Remove User**: remove a user from the enterprise account. Removed users will need to be re-invited to regain access.

::Resources